DOMString -> string (#15976)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/passwordcredential/index.md

_Inherits properties from its ancestor, {{domxref("Credential")}}._

- {{domxref("PasswordCredential.iconURL")}} {{readonlyinline}}{{securecontext_inline}}
  - : A string containing a URL pointing to an image for an icon. This image is intended for display in a credential chooser. The URL must be accessible without authentication.
- {{domxref("PasswordCredential.name")}} {{readonlyinline}}{{securecontext_inline}}

>   - : A string containing a human-readable public name for display in a credential chooser.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A human-readable string that provides public name for display in a credential chooser.
```
